yes yes do you think that the royal family
is aware of all these criticisms
surveys eh of all the things that are
said on social media about them no and I
wanted to share with you this
clip from Auron Play in which I was commenting on
something with Camillo del Rey today today
an anecdote happened but they won't let me
tell it p they won't let me really no I don't
know why they won't let me
[Music]
e they really won't let me they
told me that it's better not to
tell it I have a representative Okay I
have a representative who is the
owner of uplanet okay Okay well today he
went to a film festival and he
met the king the king of Spain who is
Felipe and I can't say
more and I can't say more but well he
said to him Hey what do you do and and he
said well I run says Well I have
two companies one is about cinema and the other I run
influencers and the king The king of Spain
asked him for example and he said
well One of them is Auron
Play and the king said things I can't
say more he won't let me if one day Luis
Hey Luis, if you ever want to come here
and tell an anecdote,
eh, it's not bad at all, eh,
what he said is good and I'm still in shock, eh,
if Luis ever wants to come, let him tell it,
but he told me, he didn't give me
permission to tell it, he's going to get angry, can you
imagine what the king says to you,
eh, for example, if you give him gossip, he's a son of a [ __ ]. He's
a son of a [ __ ]. Any day he'll
throw a
fit, but of course, let's see, in the end, people, I'll
tell you the truth, I think that in the
end, eh, they are ordinary people who do
belong to an ordinary institution,
but they will use the internet, they will watch TV, they will
watch movies, they have a phone,
they have social networks, although they don't
have public ones and nobody knows which ones.
But they have private social networks,
of course, of course, it's completely
logical that they have an opinion, the same as if they
see us, they will give their opinion. What a [ __ ] she
is, you know, of course, no, no, they will be there all the
time sitting still on the throne
waiting for people to see if there's an
event or whatever. They will have them, they will
have cell phones and they will have internet and
when they enter the internet, in the end you
check out a little bit on YouTube and something.  you see it's
not the same you see Auron Play that the
same eye listen to me careful and don't get him to
put in for putting in strikes what we don't
know if he'll like Fortnite and those
things that's
already well well well I think we've
given him a good going over well not for the
first time I think he's fine
yes
we've given him almost everything until there is
until there are the next
news and until there is the
next thing the next is tomorrow when
Leticia reappears at an official event
we'll see what surprises us with the
same thing she tells exclusively what was wrong with her we
will be watching closely what
event it is tomorrow I don't know exactly what
event it is but tomorrow she already has a
busy agenda and we will see her
publicly No well I say in case it is the one where
people will have the possibility to approach ask questions to the
press No no I don't know anymore but we will see it
and well it might be a surprise and he says
well nothing was wrong with me or I had a fever
or I think he's going to comment on it because
there are times I've seen interventions by
the queen who wants to not come close
speaks today precisely when I was
studying the  live when I was
preparing the live I was
looking at things all afternoon I got a tiktok
from I think they are some students who
well I don't know if they are given
a Three Kings award or what the deal is that
with the cell phone well he records a Tito with
the queen and the queen is with the horny
Hello hello have you not seen that clip yes I have
seen it and she appears super close and
says Hello Of course well I imagine that
tomorrow knowing that this has been the
most talked about and also you You see there are
videos on YouTube if it is something I tell you
one thing if it is something that is serious she is
not going to tell it obviously if it is a
personal issue she is not going to
tell it but if it is some nonsense
just to make light of the
matter she can comment of course not And if it is
something and if it is something serious then she makes up
something else But knowing that the subject
has moved a lot eh the subject of What is wrong with
the queen What happened to the queen
a lot I have seen people on YouTube that that that that that that
maybe they do not
have many visits and such And suddenly
the queen's anger pun  300000 views
and you say there's a lot of interest in this yes yes yes yes
total eh I don't notice do you
remember you told me the other day on
Monday you told me at night when you
couldn't come and you told me Javi we
commented we do direct commenting on
this and I told you it's that I'm not up to date
Lucia we would have done it eh well well we
would have done it but in the mornings
that I'm here it's that I'm a little lazy
but well for next time we'll keep it in mind
well Lucia well it's a pleasure to be
here more often good
night when I can and whenever we want I'll be
here okay you this is your home and
whenever you feel like it you just have to
tell me Well I say it I
assume that everyone is
subscribed to 24 hours heart but if not you have to
subscribe subscribe immediately
24 hours heart that works more than
half c doesn't upload videos a day my goodness I
don't know how it does it a kiss gorgeous
Thank you so much